Introduce wide and thin pointer distinction (#225)
minirust/minirust: spec/lang/representation.md

### Pointers

Pointers are significantly more complex to represent than just the integer address.

> For one, they need to encode the provenance and decode it only when
> all bytes match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For one, they need to encode the provenance.
When decoding, we have to deal with the possibility of the pointer bytes not all having the same provenance;
this is define to yield a pointer without provenance.
```

On the other hand, some pointers are wide pointers which also need
to encode their metadata.
The helpers `decode_ptr` and `encode_ptr` deal with the thin pointers,
and the `decode_ptr_meta` helper inferrs the metadata kind from the

> pointee layout.

Reviewer: Elsewhere in this file we are using one-(sub)sentence-per-line, please stick to that style.

            provenance = None;
        }
    }
    ret(ThinPointer { addr, provenance })
}

fn encode_ptr<M: Memory>(ptr: ThinPointer<M::Provenance>) -> List<AbstractByte<M::Provenance>> {
    let bytes_data = M::T::ENDIANNESS.encode(Unsigned, M::T::PTR_SIZE, ptr.addr).unwrap();
    bytes_data.map(|b| AbstractByte::Init(b, ptr.provenance))
    
}

fn decode_ptr_meta<M: Memory>(kind: PointerMetaKind, bytes: List<AbstractByte<M::Provenance>>) -> Option<Option<PointerMeta>> {
    match kind {
        PointerMetaKind::None if bytes.is_empty() => ret(None),
        _ => { throw!(); }
    }
}

fn encode_ptr_meta<M: Memory>(meta: Option<PointerMeta>) -> List<AbstractByte<M::Provenance>> {
    match meta {
        None => list!(),
        Some(_) => unreachable!("TODO: others"),
    }

> }

Reviewer: I don't understand the point of adding these functions, they are quite confusing.

I think pointer encode/decode should stay largely unchanged in this PR, and simply set the metadata field to `None` and assert that it is `None` in `encode`.

Author: Fair, this was an artifact of the future

            throw!();
        }
        let remaining_bytes = bytes.subslice_with_length(M::T::PTR_SIZE.bytes(), bytes.len() - M::T::PTR_SIZE.bytes());
        if !remaining_bytes.is_empty() {
            throw!();
        }

>         ret(Value::Ptr(ptr.widen(None)))

Reviewer: Can you revert this to how it was before the PR? The entire subslicing thing is unnecessary. (And I think when metadata becomes a thing, we can find a way to write this that uses less subslicing -- ideally by sharing some logic with the encode/code for tuples.)

}
```

Similarly, on `Pointer` we say that adding provenance in the thin pointer or metadata makes it more defined:
```rust
impl DefinedRelation for PointerMeta {
    fn le_defined(self, other: Self) -> bool {
        // TODO(UnsizedTypes): There might be provenance in the meta to check in the future.
        self == other
    }
}

impl<Provenance> DefinedRelation for Pointer<Provenance> {
    fn le_defined(self, other: Self) -> bool {
        self.thin_pointer.addr == other.thin_pointer.addr &&
            self.metadata.le_defined(other.metadata) && 

>             match (self.thin_pointer.provenance, other.thin_pointer.provenance) {

Author: :facepalm:

```rust
impl<Provenance> DefinedRelation for Pointer<Provenance> {
    fn le_defined(self, other: Self) -> bool {

>         self.thin_pointer.addr == other.thin_pointer.addr &&

Reviewer: Please don't skip over abstractions. Instead, add an `impl DefinedRelation for ThinPointer` and use that from here.
